[Docs] Add Volumes and Nodes (#861)
hwameistor/hwameistor: docs/docs/volumes_and_nodes/create_hwameistor_volumes/disk_volumes.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: "Disk Volume"
---

# Disk Volume

> Another type of data volume provided by HwameiStor is the raw disk data volume. 
> This type of data volume is based on the raw disk on the node and is directly mounted for container use. 
> Therefore, this type of data volume provides more efficient data read and write performance, 
> fully releasing the performance of the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HwameiStor provides another type of data volume known as raw disk data volume.
This volume is based on the raw disk present on the node and can be directly mounted for container use.
As a result, this type of data volume offers more efficient data read and write performance,
thereby fully unleashing the performance of the disk.
```
